A rather successful preserves business run by [[Gilsam Berryfold]] started in the hamlet [[Gildani]]. The unique berries growing in the [[Mislan Woods]] and greater [[Misty Forest]] have aided in making the unique flavor of the preserves renowned in [[Sintara]] and further afield. ^25c573

PCs will often find the preserves sold far from their sight of production as merchants coming through [[Gildani]] will buy large quantities hoping to find profits in its resale. It is distinguished by stamped [[Gellen berry]] on the bottom of their jars.
### PC Missions
In the course of discussing the business with [[Gilsam Berryfold]] the PCs can be offered the mission to collect some [[Gellen berry]] in the [[Mislan Woods]]. Upfront payment of 2 Gold and then 5 copper per berry. At every step into the woods the party rolls a D20 to see how many berries they each find. 1-9 = 0, 10-14 = 10, 15-18 = 30, 19 = 45, 20 = 70. After this check can decide to go deeper into the woods. At the fourth step they start to roll berry checks with advantage. A roving pack of 6 [[ambush drake]] that are also interested in the berries will harass the party. The drake are pretty strong but the party can avoid death by throwing a sack of berries they have collected. Throwing ine sack will distract 4 [[ambush drake]]. From the second step the party can notice the the ambush drake with DC 19 perception check or passive perception. This check decreases by 2 for every step they take into the woods. The first time they only notice a shadow and can find some prints. A DC 17 Nature check can identify the creature from this meager info. Before the ambush drake attack they will howl and surround the party. This gives time to prepare a defense or identify the animals from the howl.^1306d9